DEVDOCS-4647: [clarify] MSF theme parameters (#1698)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/msf/msf-api-guide.md

Previously, the [Activate store theme](/api-reference/store-management/themes/theme-actions/activatestoretheme) endpoint accepted a `variation_id` and a `which` value. This has changed.

> Because we now support installing different themes and/or theme configurations for each storefront, you must supply a `configuration_id`, `variation_id`, and `site_id` to indicate the storefront to which you wish to apply a theme and a corresponding configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because we now support installing different themes and/or theme configurations for each storefront, you must supply a `variation_id` and `configuration_id` for the theme configuration you want to apply, as well as a `site_id` or `channel_id` for the target storefront. The `which` value is not supported for multi-storefront installations.
```

<!-- theme: info -->

> > #### Fields to activate a theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> #### Locating the configuration ID
```

> > * You can interchange `site_id` with a storefront's `channel_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > * `channel_id` is an accepted value that is interchangeable with `site_id`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> * You can interchange `site_id` with `channel_id` .
```

> > * `configuration_id` is the same as the `uuid` provided in the [Get Theme Configuration](/api-reference/store-management/themes/theme-configurations/getthemesuuidconfigurations) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `configuration_id` is the same as a configuration's `uuid`, returned in the [Get Theme Configuration](/api-reference/store-management/themes/theme-configurations/getthemesuuidconfigurations) response body.
```

Remove bullet point. Clarify that we mean the configuration uuid returned as part of the endpoint's payload rather than the theme uuid path parameter.
